Update meta descriptions in SDK docs v5 - Closes #828 (#829)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/index.adoc

= Tutorials
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The SDK Tutorials overview gives a summary of the Hello World app, including the complexity, estimated time required, and the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The SDK Tutorials overview gives a summary of all available tutorials, including the complexity, estimated time required, and the content.
```

Please use general descriptions of the page, so we don't need to update it too often int he future.

Author: OK, good point.
